#Week Eight is already over!

Wow, time does fly at YWeb Academy!  This week concluded with a site visit to *zendesk* on the square, in downtown Madison.  I was immediately impressed with the place and people.  First impression was that this is a wonderful work environment.  The business is located in the glass building downtown and the office design is lovely.  The workstations and office are simple, yet elegant (work stations are adjustable in height for sitting or standing at desks).  There a beautiful living moss wall at the entry desk.  It has 360 views of the Capitol, the lakes and Isthmus.  The light that floods the space makes for a wonderful, indeed-sen-like, working environment. The office design is condusive to happy worktime. 

Beyond the visual space, the energy and vibe was great.  People who work there smile and genuinely give off good energy.  Everyone proclaims to love their job--and I believe them!  Lillana began our visit with some youtube videos about the company.  Those added to my sense that this place would be a good fit for me, if I worked there.  We took a tour of the offices.  I got a sense that the working environment fostered creativity and professional development.  I was thrilled to learn about how zendesk gives back to the community--both financially and in volunteer hours.  Impressive.   One of the most important factors in where I work and what I do is feeling that my work makes the world a better place and helps people.  I certainly got that sense from zendesk.  Overall, I really enjoyed meeting the people there and learning about the work.  It seemed like a very fullfilling and exciting place to work where the people are appreciated and really believe in the work and product they produce.